docs(jenkins): fix Jenkins installation info (#157)
spinnaker/spinnaker.io: content/en/docs/guides/tutorials/codelabs/hello-deployment/index.md

If you already have a Jenkins server, you can skip this step.

> Please refer to the instruction at http://pkg.jenkins-ci.org/debian/ for updated commands(In the event you run into issues )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event you run into issues with these example commands, refer to the instructions at http://pkg.jenkins-ci.org/debian/ for updated commands.
```
